[Reporting] Support 'auto' value for csv scroll duration config (#175005)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/reporting-settings.asciidoc

============

`xpack.reporting.csv.scroll.duration`::
Amount of {time-units}[time] allowed before {kib} cleans the scroll context during a CSV export. Valid option is either `auto` or {time-units}[time], Defaults to `30s`.
[NOTE]
============

> If search latency in {es} is sufficiently high, such as if you are using {ccs}, you may either need to increase the time setting or set this config value to `auto`. When the config value is set to `auto` the scroll context will be preserved for as long as is possible for, before the csv generation task is terminated for retry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If search latency in {es} is sufficiently high, such as if you are using {ccs}, you may either need to increase the time setting or set this config value to `auto`. When the config value is set to `auto` the scroll context will be preserved for as long as is possible, before the report task is terminated due to the limits of `xpack.reporting.queue.timeout`.
```
